Add docs widget alert. (#46)
yiisoft/yii-widgets: docs/alert.md

# Alert widget

> Provide contextual feedback messages for typical user actions with the handful of available and flexible alert messages.

Author: done.

> ## Docs frameworks CSS

Author: done.

- [Bootstrap5](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/alerts/)
- [Bulma](https://bulma.io/documentation/elements/notification/)
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindui.com/components/application-ui/feedback/alerts)

## Assets

> To use this widget you must register the assets, you can see the documentation at [yiisoft/assets](https://github.com/yiisoft/assets#general-usage) our asset registration package, or just add an html link for asset registration, the package does not provide any `JS` code to use the close button of bulma and talwind. 

Author: If it is correct to be agnostic we do not provide the asset the user must install it.

> To use this widget you must register the assets, you can see the documentation at [yiisoft/assets](https://github.com/yiisoft/assets#general-usage) our asset registration package, or just add an html link for asset registration, the package does not provide any `JS` code to use the close button of bulma and talwind. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This widget is meant to be used with your CSS framework of choice. The framework could be added either by [registering its assets](https://github.com/yiisoft/assets#general-usage), or by adding it directly via HTML `link` and `script` tags. The package does not provide any JavaScript code for the close button as well.
```

## Usage

Example for Bootstrap5 with icon:

```php
use Yiisoft\Yii\Widgets\Alert;

echo Alert::widget()
    ->body('An example alert with an icon')
    ->bodyContainerClass('align-items-center d-flex')
    ->buttonAttributes(['data-bs-dismiss' => 'alert', 'aria-label' => 'Close'])
    ->bodyContainer(true)
    ->buttonClass('btn-close')
    ->buttonLabel()
    ->class('alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show')
    ->iconClass('bi bi-exclamation-triangle-fill flex-shrink-0 me-2')
    ->id('w0-alert')
    ->layoutBody('{icon}{body}{button}')
    ->render(),
```

The code above generates the following HTML:
```html

> <div id="w0-alert" class="alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show" role="alert">

Reviewer 2: <div id="w0-alert" class="alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show" role="alert">
    <div class="align-items-center d-flex">
        <div><i class="bi bi-exclamation-triangle-fill flex-shrink-0 me-2"></i></div>
            <span>An example alert with an icon</span>
           <button type="button" class="btn-close" data-bs-dismiss="alert" aria-label="Close"></button>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="align-items-center d-flex">
<div><i class="bi bi-exclamation-triangle-fill flex-shrink-0 me-2"></i></div>
<span>An example alert with an icon</span>
<button type="button" class="btn-close" data-bs-dismiss="alert" aria-label="Close"></button>
</div>

> </div>

Reviewer 2: ```html
<div id="w0-alert" class="alert alert-primary alert-dismissible fade show" role="alert">
    <div class="align-items-center d-flex">
        <div><i class="bi bi-exclamation-triangle-fill flex-shrink-0 me-2"></i></div>
            <span>An example alert with an icon</span>
           <button type="button" class="btn-close" data-bs-dismiss="alert" aria-label="Close"></button>
    </div>
</div>
```

Author: done.

```

Example for bulma:

```php
use Yiisoft\Yii\Widgets\Alert;

echo Alert::widget()
    ->body('An example alert.')
    ->buttonClass('delete')
    ->class('notification is-danger')
    ->id('w0-alert')
    ->layoutBody('{body}{button}')
    ->render(),
```

The code above generates the following HTML:

```html

> <div id="w0-alert" class="notification is-danger" role="alert">

Reviewer 2: <div id="w0-alert" class="notification is-danger" role="alert">
    <span>An example alert.</span>
    <button type="button" class="delete">&times;</button>
</div>

<span>An example alert.</span>
<button type="button" class="delete">&times;</button>

> </div>

Reviewer 2: ```html
<div id="w0-alert" class="notification is-danger" role="alert">
    <span>An example alert.</span>
    <button type="button" class="delete">&times;</button>
</div>
```

Author: done.

```

Example for tailwind:

```php
use Yiisoft\Yii\Widgets\Alert;

echo Alert::widget()
    ->body('<b>Holy smokes!</b> Something seriously bad happened.')
    ->bodyClass('align-middle inline-block mr-8')
    ->buttonClass('absolute bottom-0 px-4 py-3 right-0 top-0')
    ->buttonOnClick('closeAlert()')
    ->class('bg-red-100 border border-red-400 text-red-700 px-4 py-3 rounded relative')
    ->id('w0-alert')
    ->render(),
```

The code above generates the following HTML:

```html

> <div id="w0-alert" class="bg-red-100 border border-red-400 text-red-700 px-4 py-3 rounded relative" role="alert">

Reviewer 2: <div id="w0-alert" class="bg-red-100 border border-red-400 text-red-700 px-4 py-3 rounded relative" role="alert">
    <span class="align-middle inline-block mr-8"><b>Holy smokes!</b> Something seriously bad happened.</span>
    <button type="button" class="absolute bottom-0 px-4 py-3 right-0 top-0" onclick="closeAlert()">&times;</button>
</div>

<span class="align-middle inline-block mr-8"><b>Holy smokes!</b> Something seriously bad happened.</span>
<button type="button" class="absolute bottom-0 px-4 py-3 right-0 top-0" onclick="closeAlert()">&times;</button>

> </div>

Reviewer 2: ```html
<div id="w0-alert" class="bg-red-100 border border-red-400 text-red-700 px-4 py-3 rounded relative" role="alert">
    <span class="align-middle inline-block mr-8"><b>Holy smokes!</b> Something seriously bad happened.</span>
    <button type="button" class="absolute bottom-0 px-4 py-3 right-0 top-0" onclick="closeAlert()">&times;</button>
</div>
```

Author: done

```

> For other examples of different Alert designs you can see the different examples in the [Alert Test](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-widgets/blob/master/tests/AlertTest.php)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other examples of different Alert designs you can see [AlertTest](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-widgets/blob/master/tests/AlertTest.php)
```

Author: done.
